9-1-1.
What's your emergency?
-Help me get her some air.
-Why don't I just punch it
in its face?
Catch all-new episodes
Wednesdays.
And check out
our other Fox programs,
Empire, Lethal Weapon,
and The X-Files.
We need your help,
even if we don't trust you.
Only on Fox.
DEVON:
Did you hear that?
-Those were not screams of joy.
-I know.
People are flipping out.
Isn't it great?
I-I don't need to experience
the kind of bowel-clenching fear
that causes people
to scream like that.
By the way, bowel clenching
is another thing I'm afraid of.
Good. You can cross two fears
off your list with one ride.
I don't want to do this.
All right, check it out.
There are two hot girls
in front of us.
If we get out of this line,
they will Facebook, Twitter,
and Instagram our faces
with #pussies.
I don't want to be a #pussy.
Do you?
So you'd rather
have me crap my pants
than be humiliated in front
of two complete strangers?
Absolutely.
Plus, they're hot.
So that's potentially
thousands of strangers.
("Mess Around" by
Cage the Elephant plays)
* Oh, no
* Ah
* Ah...
Enjoy the ride.
Crap.
* Ah...
You're clenching your
butt cheeks, aren't you?
I hate you.
Oh, my God.
Whoa, here we go!
Chad!
He's not moving.
Send an ambulance.
DEVON:
Please, hurry!
Buck, we came in
at the wrong angle.
I'm gonna have you climb
up there, harness him in,
and hang tight
while we move the truck.
You think you can handle that?
Hell yeah.
This daredevil hero stuff
is what I signed up for, Bobby.
-Good.
Help us! Please!
Everybody, try to stay calm.
We'll get you down,
I promise, all right?
I need you to relax,
I need you to breathe,
and I need you to keep
as still as possible.
You move less, you stay safe.
We get everyone
off this ride safe.
Hey, what's your name, man?
:
Devon.
Devon. All right, Devon.
Well, hang on, brother.
:
Where's Chad?
What happened to Chad?
Hey, Bobby, he's asking
about his friend.
BOBBY:
Chimney, it's Captain, you copy?
Copy, Captain. What do you need?
How's the kid on the ground?
He's gone.
We lost him.
All right, I don't need
the people up there seeing that.
So, do me a favor...
He survived, right?
Get him on a gurney.
You know the drill.
Copy that.
BUCK: Hang in there, guys.
We're coming.
I'm almost there.
What happened to Chad?!
He's dead, isn't he?
Hey, Devon, look at me.
Chad... He's getting help.
You see?
He's gonna be fine.
And I'm not gonna let anything
happen to you, all right?
-No, we're not okay!
Why is the fire truck
going away?
It's just getting into a better
position, that's all.
Devon, how we doing?
It's gonna be everywhere.
-It's gonna be
all over the place. -Hey.
Forget about them, okay?
You don't look down.
You look up at me.
You see this strap here?
All you got to do
is reach up your arm,
-slide it through the loop.
I can't!
-Yes, you...
-I can't!
Yes, you can, buddy.
You can do it.
Come on, Buck. Come on, Buck.
Can you tell them
to stop recording, please?
I don't want everyone
to see me like this.
-Listen, Devon, I need you to
concentrate.
Slide your arm
through the loop...
and then we can deal
with everything else.
All right.
Hey. Reach up your hand.
Come on.
It's, like, three inches.
You can do this. I got you.
Devon.
Devon, I need you to trust me.
Give me your hand.
I will not let you go.
I can't.
Devon. Devon, please.
Hey, Devon!
-Oh!
I'm not hungry.
This is America, Buckaroo.
Eating has nothing to do
with being hungry.
Man, I was right there.
You know, all he had to do
was reach up and grab my hand.
CHIMNEY: People do funny things
at times like that.
Sometimes they just freeze up.
I've never lost anyone before.
-No.
Look, people die, and that's
part of the gig, right?
See, your problem is,
you're looking at every job
like it's
a long-term relationship.
They're one-night stands, man.
In that moment,
they mean everything to you,
but once the morning comes...
it's on to the next one.
HEN:
Hey.
You guys don't mind, I brought
some company to family dinner.
Athena's going through some,
uh, some stuff at home,
so she could use some TLC.
BOBBY: Well, we don't
usually allow cops
at secret firehouse meetings,
but, uh, I'll make an exception.
Mm. All right. Appreciate that.
Oh. Well.
You know, I ain't sold
on you yet, but...
I think keeping me from getting
shot deserves a second chance.
Hey, there won't be
a third, though.
Buck here is having
a little trouble
moving on from a call
that didn't go his way.
Oh. You know why they make us
wear these uniforms, right?
Cops, firefighters, paramedics?
-Mm-hmm.
So people can easily
identify us.
Both true, but it's also
for our own good.
Because when we take the uniform
off at the end of the day,
it symbolizes letting go
of all of the sad, crazy,
inhumane things
we've seen that day.
I see his face every time
I close my eyes.
That happen to you guys?
It'll pass.
Game over.
You coming, kid?
NEWS ANCHOR: Terror and heroism
at the state fair.
Passengers trapped
on a carnival ride gone haywire.
Our own Marcy Henderson
got a few words
with Evan "Buck" Buckley,
the hero firefighter
who risked his life
climbing the broken ride.
-BUCK: I reached out to
pull him out the car.
He wouldn't give me his hand.
I don't know what happened.
I-I don't know why
he would do that.
NEWS ANCHOR:
He's responsible for saving
four lives on the ride...
-MOM: Help.
-Abby, help me.
What is it, Mom?
What is it
-MOM: Oh, I can't get out.
-Yes, I guess, I guess...
-Oh, Mom...
Did you lock the other one?
Coming in.
Mom, you cannot
lock these doors.
I'm sorry, honey. I...
Can you, can you unlock it?
-No, I don't know how to.
Well...
It's too dangerous.
You cannot lock the door, Mom.
And I'm late for work.
Hi, I'm Carla
from In-Home Services.
Is this the Clark residence?
-Oh, my God. You're on time.
-Yes, yes.
-Come in, come in, come in.
Yeah. M-My mom locked herself
in the bathroom.
Oh, you got to take
the locks off the doors,
except the front one-- you got
to lock that from the outside.
Well, I haven't exactly
had the chance
-to Alzheimer-proof
the apartment. -Okay. It's okay.
It's okay. My husband's
a handyman. We'll handle it.
Let's get her out
of here first, okay?
Ms. Clark? Hi, my name
is Carla Price.
It's very nice to meet you.
I need you to unlock
this door for me.
MOM:
I can't. I don't know how.
Okay, if you're on the floor,
I need you to stand up
and walk to the door.
-MOM: I'm up.
-Okay.
Take your right hand
and put it on the doorknob
and turn it.
MOM:
Okay.
If that doesn't work,
turn it the other way.
-I'm okay. -Okay. All right,
let's get you...
-Let's get you in your chair.
-Oh, I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
Hi, I'm Carla. I'll be right in
to give you a great foot rub.
-Oh. Well, thank you.
-You're welcome, ma'am.
-All right.
-Ma'am.
Great.
You go ahead.
You go ahead. I'm fine.
-Uh-huh.
I know exactly where I'm going.
Oh, my gosh.
Oh.
I've never had anybody
help me with her before.
Hey, what you're being asked
to do is so hard.
It's like one long
emergency, okay?
But I'm here to help now.
This is what I do.
Do you want to move in?
-I'm serious.
You can have my room.
Bring your family, bring your
husband, whoever you got.
I'm gonna like working here.
But, look, go get your life back
for a little while. I got this.
ATHENA:
Come on, come on.
It's time to go.
Hey, Mom and I need to go
to work, hustle up.
Hey, little man,
you brush your teeth?
Yeah. Smell.
-Ooh!
Hey, want a cup
of coffee to go, babe?
No.
Harry, where's your sister?
She said she's sick.
She's in bed.
Baby, when did you start
feeling sick
This morning.
Mm-hmm.
You got a test or something
today that you're not ready for?
I said I'm sick.
Okay.
Why don't you get Harry
to school, and, uh,
I'll push my meetings
back to this afternoon.
Get our little patient
set up here for today.
You sure?
Yeah.
Thank you.
DISPATCH:
Need all available units.
Please report to 673 Leland Way.
We have a canine attack
in progress.
ATHENA:
Eight-L-Thirty handling.
* No, I don't want
to give you mine and *
to meet you nowhere *
* No, I don't want none
of your time and *
* No, I don't want
no scrubs... *
ATHENA :
This is an emergency.
I need you to back up.
* Hangin' out the passenger's
side of his best friend's ride *
* Tryin' to holla at me
* Oh, oh...
Hey, girl, give me four
cheeseburgers and fries.
Put the fries
in another bag, okay?
Oh, and a medium root beer.
MAN:
Get out of here.
Go fetch.
Hey, hey!
Hey. Animal Control
is on the way. Okay?
But in the meantime,
I would stop spraying them
with that.
It's just gonna piss them off.
What am I supposed to do?
Stand still, stand still.
The more activity they see,
the more excited
they're gonna get.
A-And don't look them
in the eyes.
That's a challenge.
Yeah, yeah. I'm going to, uh...
I'm gonna, I'm gonna go see if,
uh, I can find the owners.
And if you're thinking I'm
a coward for letting you deal
with these hellhounds on your
own, uh, you are 100% correct.
-I will, uh...
-Ch...
Just-just stay calm.
Stay still.
Hey. How big are they?
Take a look.
Oh, crap. Four bagger.
I was hoping to save one
for lunch.
You ready?
I got your back.
You have a gun?
No, shooting them's just gonna
piss 'em off.
I got something
much more effective.
Okay.
Mm-hmm.
Got him.
Thank you.
You are a beautiful genius.
Is he okay?
Should be fine.
We'll have Animal Control
test the dog for rabies.
You, uh, happen to, uh, notice
what I noticed inside there?
There was fire, smoke.
What you talking about?
I'm talking about that sweet
smile, them broad shoulders.
Mr. Sweet Smile
was asking me about you.
Hmm. Then he a bigger dog
than the Dobermans,
'cause I still have my ring on.
Athena.
Spoiler alert:
your husband likes boys,
so that ring ain't gonna
be on much longer.
Well...
for now, my vows still mean
something to me.
And I-I couldn't do that
to my kids.
This has been tough enough
on them already.
I mean, I don't think
May's said more than two words
to Michael or I
in the last week.
Whatever happens
between you and Michael,
these next few months
are gonna be hell,
so whatever you need
to do to get through it
so that you can be there
for your kids and for yourself,
you might want to do it.
Hen, when you got here, was that
slide door open or closed?
Closed.
So was the front door.
Dogs can't get inside
unless they live here.
What happened?
Um... uh...
What's going on, Officer?
Sir, is this your house?
Yeah, everything okay?
What happened to my dogs?
Uh, the Dobermans?
You'll be happy
to know they've been fed
and they're safe.
The problem is,
you've been burglarized,
and I let him get away.
NEWSWOMAN :
A sticky situation at an airport
in Tennessee after baggage...
She's down. She should be out
for a few hours.
Oh. Thank the Lord.
I'm a terrible person
for saying that.
You're a good daughter because
you choose to take care of her,
not because of how you feel
about it sometimes.
You want a glass of wine?
-You've earned it.
Go get yourself a glass
in the kitchen.
My husband and I are in a fight,
so I can't go home
until he moves from the "I never
want to see her again" feeling
to the "Oh, no, did I go too
far, is she ever coming back?
I've got to treat her right
when she comes home" feeling.
-I like your style.
Thank you.
Hmm.
So, um, why are you not out
with Tommy tonight?
-Oh. -Your mom keeps
telling me about him.
Oh. Because the universe
thinks it's hilarious
that I get to keep reliving
the worst breakup of my life
because my mother keeps
forgetting that it happened.
What was so bad about it?
He broke up with me.
And he did not have
my permission.
Hmm.
But I'll tell you the truth.
Really, once my mom
moved in here...
I really didn't have
anything else to give.
And what guy's gonna want
to be here with me with my mom
snoring in the other room?
I mean, it's not sexy.
NEWSMAN : ...with fireman
Evan "Buck" Buckley,
who people are calling
the "County Fair Spider-Man"
for his daring rescue.
Holy crap, he's gone national.
You know that big hunk
of man meat?
-Mm.
-BUCK: I was just doing my job.
I'm happy we were able
to help the people we helped
and I'm-I'm really sorry
about those we-we couldn't save.
NEWSWOMAN: Oh, we're getting
a lot of Twitter questions
from our audience. Most just
want to know if you're single.
Oh, uh, that's, uh,
that's very sweet of them,
but, um, I'm sure they're
just turned on by the uniform.
You know, I-I don't know
if they would feel that way
if they saw me out of it.
Oh, I-I don't mean it that way.
NEWSWOMAN: Well, thanks, Buck,
and thanks for all you...
Hmm. He didn't answer
the question.
You want an answer
to the question?
All firemen are dogs.
And the ones that look
like the Road Warrior
with an adorable birthmark are
the doggiest dogs of them all.
I've been thinking I might want
to call him to see how he is.
Mm, or how he is
about dating you?
-No.
-Mm-hmm.
He's a dog, you're a cougar.
Own it.
-Uh, no, it is not like that.
Look, you know what,
I save people's lives every day,
and he is the first person
in years that actually has said,
"Thank you, Abby, great job.
You're a hero, too."
And...
he needs help, you know?
I mean, he's got so much pain
in his face.
Everybody's treating him
like a hero.
He doesn't feel like a hero.
As far as he's concerned,
the guy that he was trying
to save fell.
All right, well, go ahead on.
I'm not leaving until I hear
how this turns out.
Oh, I don't know.
Call him.
Mm...?
Uh-huh.
You know you want to.
You just don't want to go home
to your husband.
Not until he fixes his attitude.
Closing this door.
Yeah?
Um, hi. It's-it's Abby Clark.
We-we talked the other day
after the home invasion.
I was the 911 operator.
Oh, yeah, yeah, you were badass.
Uh, how'd you get this number?
Oh, well, it was in the report.
Um, but, anyway, I just,
I don't know,
I wanted to check on you.
I've been seeing you
all over the news,
and it seemed like maybe
you were having a hard time.
Yeah, um, how'd you know?
Uh, in my job you kind of learn
how to read people
just based on the sound
of their voice.
Thank you for noticing.
Um, everywhere I go now people
are patting me on the back,
and I just want
to scream back at them,
"You know, people died.
I had to watch them die."
ABBY:
I know.
I've had to listen
to people die before.
The silence
after they stop talking is
like no other kind of quiet.
The guy who fell...
all he had to do was grab my
hand, and I couldn't get him to.
You know, believe it or not,
there are some people who
actually take those moments
as opportunities
to make that decision.
I mean, there are some people
who just don't want to be saved.
Um, thank you for calling me.
Maybe I can call you
again sometime?
Yeah, that'd be great.
You have my number now
or you can just dial 911.
All right, uh, well,
thanks and let's talk soon.
Okay. Bye.
LIZ:
My brother was
a man of great potential.
That's the hardest part for me.
Thank you all for coming.
Hi. I'm, uh,
I'm Buck, uh, Evan.
Look, I-I just wanted
to say how sorry I am.
It's only my fourth month
on the job.
I've never lost anyone
before this.
What really happened up there?
It was like he just...
he gave up.
Are you saying it's
my brother's fault he's dead?
No, th-that's not what I mean.
My brother was very h-happy
to be alive.
He was loved, and he knew it.
He wanted to live,
and you failed him.
*
You know what sucks
about working?
The work part.
I'm gonna pretend
you didn't just say that.
I'm serious.
Law school was a huge mistake.
We should just come up
with an app or something.
I mean, if it hits,
it is like winning the lottery.
Winning the lottery is not
a life strategy, Stephanie.
Neither is writing briefs
for a bunch of douches in suits
defending
pharmaceutical companies.
Your dad's the managing partner.
Yeah.
STEPHANIE:
This guy is such a creep.
Who?
Him.
I'm pretty sure he took pictures
of me in my office
a couple months ago.
-So gross.
Oh, my God, is he looking at me?
Can he see us?
Just act natural.
-He's looking at me.
: Look away.
I'm sorry, did you say
"pervy guy"?
The window washer,
the thing snapped,
his wires or whatever, and
he's just hanging by his foot.
Tell me where you're
calling from, ma'am.
All right, Buck,
that rig could go any second.
I'm gonna go up to the roof
and secure the cable, all right?
You go up on the ladder,
get it up to him. Let's go.
Bob. Bob.
I'll go up to the roof. You
know, I-I can get there quicker
and make sure the,
the cable is secure.
All right, good idea.
*
Don't. All right?
I-I know I let you down.
A year ago,
I put in to be a Navy SEAL.
I didn't know
you were in the Navy.
I wasn't.
Don't have to be in the Navy
to try out for the SEALs.
You just have to be
particularly badass,
which you know... I am.
Didn't have any trouble
with the physical part.
Following orders wasn't
my best quality,
but hey, I was working on it.
Why didn't it stick?
They wanted machines.
People who could, uh...
flip a switch
in their head and...
turn off every natural,
human instinctive emotion
in their body,
and I cannot do that.
I don't,
I don't want to do that.
I love this job because
I get to be the tough guy
but I also get to help people.
Remember the first person
you lost?
Katherine Vance-- 32 years old,
blonde hair, green eyes.
She was wearing a blue
University of Michigan T-shirt,
white shorts, and she had on
black Converse High Tops.
She had painted smiley faces
on the toes.
Last thing she said to me
was, "Please,"
and then she was gone.
Hit by a drunk driver--
I couldn't extract her in time.
I'm glad you can't...
flip that switch.
I don't want you to.
It's not gonna make you
a better firefighter.
And anybody who tells you
that losing someone
doesn't affect them is lying.
The name and number
of a trauma counselor.
We have people in the department
who help us deal
with this kind of stuff.
You don't have to talk to me,
but you do have
to talk to someone.
*
WELLES:
You seem uncomfortable.
Yeah, I am a little.
Well, that's not unusual.
You've been through a trauma.
That's why you're here--
to deal with those feelings.
: Uh, yeah, I'm, uh,
I'm not really into feelings.
I mean, I mean, feeling 'em,
yeah, just not, you know...
talking about them.
I treat a lot
of first responders--
people who run toward danger--
but maybe there's something
you're running from as well?
What is it about discussing
your feelings that scares you?
I'm not scared.
I'm angry.
GLASS:
That's good.
It's good?
It's good
that you're expressing it.
Oh, yeah.
I'm expressing it.
BUCK:
Look,
I'm only here
'cause my captain insisted.
Yes. I understand you froze up
at a scene the other day.
Yeah. Okay, I... I hesitated.
Why?
I just don't like...
to be made to feel a fool,
and that's exactly how I feel
right about now.
Because you were right, Michael.
I did know.
Somewhere, not that deep down,
I always knew you were gay.
But that's how badly
I wanted to make a life
with you.
A family.
And I'm not ready to let it go.
WELLES:
You lost somebody.
That's hard.
Yeah, but we lose people.
At least that's what
everyone keeps telling me.
Was this your first time?
I mean, I've had calls
where it was... too late,
but, uh, but I've only been
doing this not even six months.
Now, I... I just
can't shake the feeling
that this one didn't need
to go down the way that it did.
So do you think
there was something
you could have done differently?
You... are nobody's fool.
You are a strong, beautiful,
loving woman.
Listen, I'm the fool.
I let you love me,
because I thought
you could fix me.
WELLES:
Do you blame him?
I mean, he wouldn't take
my hand.
Maybe he couldn't.
Maybe he was too paralyzed
with fear,
or confused or...
who knows?
Look...
I can't help you get
inside his head, Mr. Buckley.
-We're here to talk about
what's inside yours.
It's, um...
it's actually just Buck.
:
Okay.
Um... can I ask you something?
Of course.
Did you friend me on Facebook?
I saw you on the news,
um, before this was scheduled.
You should delete that.
Yeah, I thought
you looked familiar.
Nobody is trying to take away
your family, Athena.
Baby, we still got
a whole lot to hold onto.
I agree.
And I'm willing to go down
that road with you, Michael.
And what does that road
look like to you, Athena?
-I-I couldn't live with
a loveless marriage. -Right.
But a sexless one?
Well, it's already been that
for a while now,
so I guess we're just at
the point in our lives where...
we can live without it.
So if... you can live
a celibate life, Michael,
I can, too.
-Uh...
*
What?
Michael?
I met someone...
Athena.
I met someone.
Oh, God.
I can't believe I just did that.
I am so sorry.
Sorry
You were fantastic.
That was beyond unprofessional.
I'm your therapist.
Yeah, and I feel better.
You need to go.
Now.
*
MAN :
Hello.
Hey, boo.
MAN:
Who is this?
"Who is this?"
Oh, come on now.
I'm disappointed in you.
I thought you and I
had something.
I hate to disappoint, but you're
gonna have to refresh my memory.
Yeah, well, I guess
it has been a minute.
I was married.
You told me to call you
when I needed a real man.
Well, here I am.
Well, here you are.
So, uh, you gonna
come get this, huh?
Well, that depends
on what you had in mind.
You can meet me at my place
for a little afternoon delight,
if you know what I'm saying.
Afternoon delight?
Girl, you need to update
your euphemisms.
Okay, okay, where you at?
Mmm, I'm not far.
How do you know?
You like dogs?
Dobermans?
I have one at my place.
Who is this?
How did you get this number?
You called 911, dumb ass.
No, no, no, no.
-You think you can just
make me look like a fool
and walk away
Sergeant Grant, easy!
Easy.
And tell me
where you're calling from.
WOMAN:
Leonard!
Will you please just
get the hell down from there?
Okay, you're scaring me.
LEONARD:
After all that I do for you?
I do whatever you tell me to!
WOMAN: That's part
of the problem, Leonard!
And then you go and cheat on me
with some werewolf-looking dick
from work?
I did not cheat on you, okay?
How many times
do I have to say this?!
You need to say it more
because I do not believe you.
Seriously?
It's got to be a jumper?
He couldn't threaten himself
with a gun?
Right.
'Cause that would be preferable.
OFFICER :
Bedroom door is locked.
The girlfriend is
on the living room balcony.
We're gonna have
to do The Maneuver.
Oh, Bobby, no, I...
-Yes.
-I'll do it.
No, Buck's got this.
You got this.
Why did you move in
if I am so terrible?
You're not that terrible.
Will you please get down
so we can talk about
how you can improve?
I don't think I need to improve.
Fine. You want to jump?
Go ahead and jump!
I don't even know
what to say to him anymore.
Telling him to jump
is probably not the way to go.
He will not listen to me, okay?
He's convinced
that I cheated on him,
and we keep going in circles.
Don't you dare do that,
I swear to God!
Did you cheat on him?
This is the right time for that?
-So, that's a yes.
-No, it isn't.
-Just tell him you're sorry.
-Absolutely not.
Okay, I'm not gonna admit
that I cheated on him.
It doesn't have to be true.
He just needs to hear
that you're sorry.
All right?
Fine. Leonard?
I'm sorry.
Okay, I don't know
what I was thinking.
I love you and only you.
You lying bitch.
Oh, fine!
I mean, that was pathetic.
Oh, come on, I tried my best.
Hey. Leonard, listen to me.
We've all been there, man.
I had a girlfriend
cheat on me and...
I thought she was the one,
Leonard.
I saw us going the whole way.
Marriage, kids, all of it.
So I went out and
I bought her a ring,
a nice one.
I mean, we were on top
of the Eiffel Tower.
I got down on one knee.
I popped the question.
Everybody staring at us.
She had tears in her eyes.
You know what she said to me?
:
Now.
She says to me, "Bobby..."
The girl, on the Eiffel Tower.
I don't know. We never get
that far in the story.
Hey, Bobby, um...
thanks for pushing me
back there.
I don't know what happened.
I guess I had a moment.
You bounced back
and saved a man's life.
You did good, kid.
Five bucks says that guy's
getting laid tonight.
A guy ready to kill himself,
and you think his girlfriend
is turned on?
He was punishing her
for cheating.
Guilt sex.
Help me out here, Buck.
I need to apologize to you.
I was completely out of line
at the memorial.
You didn't deserve that.
You lost your brother.
I get it.
Seven years ago,
Devon tried to kill himself.
We sent him to therapy
and he got better.
Then, two months ago,
he started isolating
himself again.
Wouldn't leave the house.
I got scared and called
his friend, Chad.
Begged him to get Devon
out of the house.
Chad said he'd ask Devon
to go to the state fair.
When Devon said yes to the fair,
I took it as a sign
that he was getting better.
So, you see,
it's not your fault he's dead.
It's mine.
Look, there was nothing
either one of us
could've done for Devon.
Some people just don't want
to be saved.
A friend said that
to me recently.
And, um... it helped.
-MOM: Mmm.
-ABBY: Well, this is nice.
We don't get to go out
very often, do we, Mom?
Mm-mm. Carla got me
all dolled up.
-Yes, yes, I did.
-Mm.
CARLA: It's good to get
different kinds of stimulation.
Releases that serotonin,
that happy hormone.
Well, we could all use
a little happy hormone.
Abby, you're in the prime
of your life, girl.
You need to get out
and have some fun.
You need to ask out
that fireman that looks like
he got punched in the eye.
I'm not asking out that fireman.
He's way too young for me.
Girl, you are
a hot spice pumpkin latte.
You're sitting around,
getting cool,
and there's
a big old hunk of man
that would love
to burn his tongue on you.
-Oh.
Mm
:
Call him.
-You're so pushy.
-Mm-hmm.
-But you like it.
-Okay, I'll be back.
-Wait, I want to hear this.
-No.
Hello.
Hey. Buck, it's, uh,
it's Abby Clark.
Ah, hey.
Hey. How you doing?
I'm good. Hey, can I ask you
a question?
-Sure.
Oh, my God, why?
'Cause you keep calling me.
People don't use their phones
to make calls anymore.
You know, we text,
we Snap or we Marco Polo,
or if it's really serious,
then we FaceTime.
I guess that's true,
I know I'm...
sorry, I just, you know, I spend
so much time on the phone.
I guess it's my most comfortable
form of communication.
Nah, don't be sorry. I like it.
It's, um, it's old-fashioned.
Yes, well, um...
I have
another old-fashioned idea,
which is that I was thinking
maybe we could...
meet up in person
over some
old-fashioned margaritas.
Ah, see, where I'm from, they,
uh, they call that a date.
:
Yeah.
They call it a date
where I'm from, too.
I'm asking you out on a date.
Um, I mean,
that sounds really fun.
You're-you're super smart
and funny
and obviously killer
at your job, um,
but I'm-I'm realizing that
I have some issues when
it comes to women and intimacy.
And if, uh, if we
went out on a date,
I'm pretty sure we'd have sex.
Uh, okay.
You think I would just
sleep with you?
I'm not sure
what to make of that.
No, look, it's, um,
it's not you, it's,
it's not you, it's me.
Um, look, I have issues.
For example, I just slept
with my therapist
in our first session.
It's kind of like I'm a magnet.
Oh, so you think
I'm not gonna be able
to control myself around you?
Because, right now, I mean,
in this conversation,
I'm extremely not interested
in sleeping with you, so...
I won't go out with you
because I like you.
'Cause I know we've only talked
a couple times,
but talking to you makes me
feel really good
and safe and curious about life
because I can tell
that you're special.
And I don't have anyone
like you in my life
and I don't want to do anything
to risk losing you.
For now I think it's best
if we just
talk on the phone,
like in the olden days.
I'd be into that.
That would be great.
All right, well,
then I'll talk to you soon.
Bye, Buck.
Good-bye, Abby.
He said no.
CARLA:
Then why are you smiling?
Because I had the nerve
to call the guy.
And sometimes
the right kind of no
is better than
the wrong kind of yes.
I like that.
Hey, baby.
How was your day?
-Mm.
-Great.
Good.
Oh. Dad called.
He said we could eat dinner
without him.
I'll bet he did.
Where's your sister?
In her room.
Ooh. May!
Honey, you hungry?
May, honey,
have you eaten anything?
Damn headphones
with that music up so loud.
Hey.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, oh, my God!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
May. May. Oh, God.
You've answered the call
on 9-1-1.
Now here are a few more shows
to check out from Fox.
Family is everything.
I grew up
in the south of France.
My mother
was a dressmaker.
My father was
a Philippine general.
The first dress I ever made
was for my sister.
I have a doctorate
from Yale.
I design
from the heart.
I build ocean liners.
Art...
is the passion
of my life.
When I see
something I want...
I take it.
-Do you know where I can find
Dr. Conrad Hawkins?
-You found him.
HAWKINS:
Everything you thought you knew
about medicine is wrong.
I have only one rule.
Covers everything.
I'm never wrong.
You do whatever the hell
I tell you,
no questions asked.
What drew me into the show
was the medical drama itself.
This was a different peek
into the genre that's beloved,
but came at it
from a different perspective.
HAWKINS: All we want to do
is help our patients,
but what they don't teach us
in medical school is there are
so many ways to do harm.
Conrad, he's real,
he's about the patients.
He's about saving lives.
He's not about the business
side of this hospital.
The decision was made
for medical reasons alone.
I think we both know
that's not the truth.
I'll cut you some slack
because you're upset.
It's always interesting
for the audience
when you see the personal
and professional lives
combine and collide.
I think we see that
through the Conrad and Nic
relationship.
I took that photo.
"No gamers, no slackers,
no doctors."
That's pretty clear.
There is
this "will they-won't they"
kind of aspect to the story line
because Conrad is not
emotionally available,
and Nic is.
I'll do whatever it takes
to get you back.
We kind of see this guy
who's a hero for the little guy,
and that was something
that I really responded to
in terms of this character
in a big way.
Ultimately, he is a caring
and gifted doctor.
From now on,
she's your patient.
But if you
screw this one up,
I will wreck you.
What I love about this show
is that we're kind of
showing those truths
and those secrets
that we've not seen before.
HAWKINS: I wanted to be a
person who could help people.
So that's what I do.